[Reigen] Man, I climbed the ladder
enough to be on television.
These greenrooms are nice,
but they definitely make you feel antsy.
Okay, Reigen. You're up.
[gulps, sighs]
All right. It's showtime.
SUPERNATURAL DETECTIVE!
DO SPIRITUAL POWERS ACTUALLY EXIST?
-[footsteps departing]
-[door opens]
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive! The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
BOY POSSESSED BY FOX
PLAYING AFTER SCHOOL!?
-[eerie music playing]
-[Banshomaru sighs] Here we go.
Master Jodo's return to television.
[munches, blows]
What? Reigen!
-What's he doing there?
-[music fades]
And now, we find out
if our guests can save the poor…
MORIZO EBIHARA
…unfortunate young man
who's been possessed!
-[mellow music playing]
-Before that, I should introduce
our assembled connections
to the spirit world.
Though he needs no introduction,
president of the Rising
Sun Spiritual Union,
-Master Kirin Jodo!
-[audience applauding]
[Ebihara] He's solved even
the most devastating supernatural problems
and is the best of the best!
Our other guest is making
his first appearance on television,
-Mr. Reigen Arataka!
-[audience applauding]
[clears throat]
Hey. Hello out there, everyone.
Reigen Arataka.
My business is in Seasoning City.
So tell us, what would you say
are some of your most notable
accomplishments as a psychic?
Hmm. It's hard to pick just one of them.
Well, I did defeat the Dragger,
so there's that.
TATSUYA MOGI
-[Mogi] Oh.
-What? That's awesome!
Then we should expect to see
some great things from you today!
-Now, let's bring out the young man.
-[eerie music playing]
As we foresee things
of an unpredictable nature taking place,
we have him securely
bound with restraints.
[babbles]
[audience gasps]
[Ebihara] So, what do ya think?
Uh-huh. I believe the footage
we just watched moments ago mentioned
that he was possessed by a fox
after playing the Kokkuri game.
Specifically,
it's the ghost of a Rüppell's fox,
usually found in North Africa.
[Ebihara] That's amazing!
You deduced precisely
what kind of ghost it is!
-Have anything to add, Master Jodo?
-The poor child. Strapped down like that.
I hope we don't have to keep him
bound much longer.
[Ebihara] I feel the same way.
I'm sure everyone watching
at home does too.
And now, as promised,
we're going to witness
the public exorcism!
Right after an important word
-from our sponsors.
-[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
When we're back,
we'll have Master Jodo
perform the exorcism.
Wait. Why don't we allow Reigen
to make the attempt, instead?
Wha--
[Jodo] No one wants to see
an old man doing this.
Rather than show the world
the same, old same-old,
why not let the country see
what a next-generation psychic can do?
Whoa, wait a second!
I thought I was only supposed to sit here
and comment today!
I was just trying to give you
an opportunity to be in the spotlight.
But if you're not up to the task,
I'll do it, as scripted.
[Reigen] "Scripted"?
[gasps] I get it!
Hold up! I'm happy to do it. [gulps]
Sure, that's fine.
Reigen's gonna perform the exorcism, guys!
-[Jodo cackles]
-[crew member] We're back in five!
SUPERNATURAL DETECTIVE SPECIAL!!
[Ebihara] We're back, everyone,
and now, it's time
for the public exorcism!
The one performing this feat
is an exciting newcomer
who's had a meteoric rise
in the psychic world!
Master Reigen Arataka!
Are you ready to do this?
Leave it all to me!
That's right! Reigen Arataka is on it!
Mark my words,
this fox spirit's as good as gone!
-[audience applauding]
-[music fades]
[Reigen] Live or not,
this is still a television show.
Everything that happens
is a setup written by some scriptwriter.
If I make this look like the real deal,
that'll be the cue
for the boy to calm down
and the studio audience to applaud.
The host will praise me,
and then the show will be over.
[dramatic music playing]
[yells]
Salt Splash!
Whoa! He started throwin'
a ton of salt all over the place!
-[yells]
-[Ebihara] The spirit possessing the boy
seems to be struggling in agony!
It's working! It's really working!
[Reigen] But it's never worked before!
Not even once! Just as I thought!
This kid's an actor!
Now that I know that for sure,
I'm not pullin' any punches! Here we go!
-Sorcery Crush Special!
-[screams]
Air Banishing Salt
-Punch!
-[screams]
-It's a clean hit!
-[music fades]
-[mellow music playing]
-[Ebihara] Well, I'd say
it's been about 30 minutes now
since Reigen started the exorcism.
-But apparently…
-[yawns]
[Ebihara] …the spirit
just refuses to leave.
-Talk about resilient.
-[Reigen] Holy Water Chop!
Take a hint, kid!
I've already used all my special moves.
Now I'm trying to keep things going
by makin' stuff up!
All right, why don't we have
our other psychic step in?
Huh?
[Ebihara] Master Jodo,
if you wouldn't mind.
[Reigen] Wait a second.
Was I just an opening act?
Is the old man gonna take all the glory?
Whoa, time out! I've almost got it.
Switching right now might be
-detrimental to the--
-We're live. We gotta move this along.
-[ominous bell rings]
-Uh…
You've done some great work
over the last 30 minutes.
[Reigen growls] You schemin' old geezer!
All right then, Master Jodo!
Let's see you work!
[Reigen] My spotlight!
-What am I supposed to exorcise here?
-[music fades]
This boy isn't even possessed.
He's just acting.
[Reigen] Huh?
[Reigen] Oh, come on! Get a clue already!
Why'd you ruin all that setup
the program gave you?
That's absolutely correct!
I'm impressed
you were able to see the truth
when everyone in the studio
has been fooled this entire time!
-[uplifting music playing]
-You witnessed it all happen here,
ladies and gentlemen!
A true psychic has just been revealed!
My name's Suzuo Fukuda,
and I'm with the Mongolian Spot Agency!
-Wow, that was some brilliant acting!
-Thank you very much, sir!
You totally had me fooled! Good job!
[Ebihara] Mogi, you haven't chimed in yet.
-What do ya think?
-What do I think?
I guess I really only have
one question for him.
What was that "exorcism" crap all about?
What exactly were you doing
to a spirit that didn't even exist?
Have any response to that?
Our viewers are wondering
the very same thing, I'm sure. Hmm.
Could it be
that you have no spiritual powers?
[Reigen groans]
Come, now. You shouldn't say that.
All psychics have different methods.
Excellent work, by the way, Master Jodo!
It should've been completely obvious
if the boy was possessed or not.
For any true psychic, that is.
Oh, I beg your pardon.
It's not as if I'm referring to Reigen
when I say that.
I'm sure he was simply trying
to liven things up
a bit for the sake of the program.
[Ebihara] I assure you,
we didn't ask him to do that.
What? It wasn't that, either?
Then why hurt poor Fukuda?
So it was basically torture, then.
[Jodo] What exactly were you doing
up there for 30 minutes?
-Some new kind of dance?
-[Ebihara, audience laugh]
Well, it certainly appeared
the boy was possessed by a spirit.
So I exorcised it.
Even if his spirit possession
was just an act,
real ones can appear at any moment.
What? An evil spirit was here?
I didn't even notice. When did it appear?
-About 30 minutes ago.
-Oh! I had no idea they were so punctual!
[audience laughs]
[gulps]
What was it? Huh?
What kind of evil spirit?
It was a…
a man. I think he was German--
Just stop talking, you idiot!
Don't say another word!
Beethoven.
-♪ Du-du-du-dunnn! ♪
-[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[man 1] Did you watch
Supernatural Detective?
[woman] I did! I laughed so hard!
-[man 1] Destroyed on live TV.
-[man 2] That dude was hilarious!
EXORCISM DANCE - HE'S FINISHED LOLOLOL
DESPERATE LOLOLOL
Oh, man.
He dug himself into a hole this time.
There's just no way that guy's a fraud.
Whoa. How's he gonna get out of this one?
There's a group of his victims forming.
-Wanna check it out?
-We're not exactly "victims," though.
So he was a con artist after all.
I bet it's his fault
we aren't getting any job offers.
I knew it.
There was somethin' off about him.
I'm gonna post about even more
of his bullcrap!
THE NEXT DAY
-[music fades]
-Hey, correct me if I'm wrong,
but isn't the place you work called
the Spirits and Such Consultation Office?
-Right. Uh-huh.
-Wait a minute,
would your master's name
happen to be Reigen Arataka?
Yeah. Why do you ask?
Holy crap, you mean you haven't heard?
Your master's getting bashed
like crazy on TV and the Internet!
It's pretty bad, man!
Oh…
We're getting a lot more
actual paying jobs lately.
If this keeps up
and brings me a little fame,
maybe it'll catapult me
to other platforms.
It's okay. That was all part of his plan.
WE'RE CLOSED TODAY
-[cellphone vibrating]
-[man on TV] I know, right? [laughs]
Did he really think
people wouldn't find out?
And he calls himself a spirit medium?
[woman on TV] I've actually been
a victim of spiritual fraud myself.
They said they needed to undress
to perform an exorcism--
[cellphone vibrating]
Damn! I was set up!
Screw those conniving bastards!
Using me as a scapegoat
to boost their ratings for 30 seconds!
-And that devious old fossil!
-[uplifting music playing]
I need to work on containing this
as much as I can
so I don't become an even bigger meme.
REIGEN'S THE REAL DEAL
I FELT BETTER IMMEDIATELY
THAT'S REIGEN, ISN'T IT?
Gah! Busted! [groans]
WHA? OF COURSE I'M NOT.
I'M TRYING TO BE OBJECTIVE HERE.
OKAY, RÜPPELL'S FOX
GET LOST, YOU FRAUD
REIGEN'S WATCHING
FOUND REIGEN'S HIGH SCHOOL
GRADUATION PHOTO LOL
So it's like that, huh?
You think I'd let a bunch of little punks
who don't know a thing about hard work
get the best of me?
[narrator] But the title and reputation
of the "scam artist psychic" spread across
media platforms like wildfire.
In three days' time,
the name "Reigen Arataka"
had become synonymous
with "ultimate evil."
[Reigen] Seriously?
That crap isn't true at all!
How dare these tabloid jackasses spread
these lies about me?
REIGEN, THE SCAM ARTIST PSYCHIC
HIS UNBELIEVABLY BOLD TRICKS
HAPPY TRAILS
So here's the plan.
I'd like all of you guys
to talk about how I solve problems
so everyone will stop calling me a fraud.
Just tell the media how I helped you.
Huh? Hey?
What's the problem? Why so quiet?
Just get out of here.
Your lies won't fool us anymore.
[Reigen] Huh?
You can't seriously think that I would--
You probably thought people like us
were "prime targets," didn't you?
We're not fallin' for that!
[woman] And here I thought
he was kind of cute too!
[man] Who does he think he is?
[Reigen] Well, that tanked. [sighs]
Guess the only thing I can do now
is wait until this all blows over.
Whoa, what the heck?
Are they actually staking out my place?
There he is! Reigen Arataka!
-Oh, God!
-[reporter 1] Don't run away!
[reporter 2] What was that so-called
exorcism you performed on TV?
[reporter 3] Don't you think you owe it
to the public to explain yourself?
[reporter 4] At least give us
some answers!
[reporter 5] Is this your day off or what?
[reporter 6] The people
aren't gonna be satisfied with this!
-[breathes heavily]
-Listen, everyone's watching you.
-You can't run from this forever!
-How about holding a press conference?
Huh? A press conference?
-[footsteps approaching]
-[newscaster] Reigen Arataka,
the man allegedly conning people
with psychic scams,
announced he'll be holding
a press conference tomorrow.
We believe he'll address
whether or not his previous activities
were indeed illegal
and if he actually even possesses
-spiritual powers.
-Wow.
[mouse clicks]
TO ARATAKA
FROM MOM
YOU SEEM TO BE IN A LOT OF TROUBLE
I PREPARED AN APOLOGY FOR YOU TO SAY
-[birds chirping]
-[Reigen] Oh, man. It'll be morning soon.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] There he is!
[woman] Reigen has appeared on stage!
[camera shutters clicking]
-[Reigen] Damn, that's bright. Crap!
-[dramatic music playing]
I thought I'd have a chance
if we were just gonna argue about things,
but now my head's completely blank.
Okay, calm down.
Start off by trying to make
a better impression of yourself.
Uh… First, I'd like to thank you all
for gathering here.
Why are you here, anyway?
Then again, sometimes
you just get tired of all this.
-[man] What's with that attitude?
-[woman] What?
-[indistinct clamor]
-Are you mocking us?!
You're the one who said
you'd hold a press conference!
That's 'cause you guys stalked me
everywhere I went.
You basically forced me
into having this thing.
I have a few questions
regarding some of the fraudulent acts
you've committed.
Hang on a second.
By "fraudulent acts,"
do you mean my business?
Is there anyone here
who can prove beyond a shadow of a doubt
that I don't have any spiritual powers?
Or maybe any victims
who can prove they've been swindled?
There are many people
who've reported that you scammed them.
Right, self-proclaimed "victims."
What do you mean
by "self-proclaimed," huh?
[Reigen] I mean none of that
has been proven.
Unless and until they do,
I can still call myself a psychic.
I'm not a criminal.
You should be more careful
with how you phrase things.
I have a question, then.
Go ahead.
[man 2] Do you actually have
spiritual powers?
I have no comment on that.
Why won't you answer the question?
[Reigen] Because you won't be satisfied
unless I say "no."
And I can't prove I have spiritual powers
since you all lack them yourselves.
Are you seriously going to try
and talk your way out of this mess?
Judging by what you did
on the broadcast the other day,
-you do seem like an excellent ad-libber.
-[laughter]
[clicks tongue]
[man 3 continues] Excuse me.
Did you just click your tongue?
Not at all. I was only testing the mics.
Uh-oh, looks like he's copping
an attitude.
This guy's finished. [munches]
MIC TEST
LEVEL OF SORRY: 0
[woman 2] When did you start
this psychic business of yours?
About four years ago.
[man 4] And what were you doing
prior to that?
I held a job at some company.
[man 4] Did that company
have anything to do with psychics?
-[Reigen] Nope. Not at all.
-[indistinct chatter]
He's actually answering the questions.
[man 5] What kind of problems
did people come to you with?
Stiff shoulders, spirit photos,
and that sort of thing.
-[man 5] Any results on those cases?
-They've all been solved.
Is there a particular case
that you feel really stands out?
[Reigen] Getting rid
of some urban legends.
[woman 3] Have you ever had
any conflicts with your clients?
[Reigen] None.
[man 6] Have you ever sold
any expensive salt or prayer beads?
I have not.
[man 3] Some information
about when you were a student
-is spreading over the Internet.
-[Reigen] That doesn't matter.
According to your graduation essay,
you had some plans for the future.
"I want to be someone."
[tense music playing]
[man 3] Was fame the reason
you got into the psychic business?
-Who could say?
-[music fades]
Easy, Reigen.
'Cause you're looking pretty pale.
Stop. Don't keep making
the media outlets your enemy.
Look at him.
He's at a loss for words.
[Ritsu] Something's wrong.
He doesn't seem like himself.
-Great Master Reigen.
-What's wrong with him?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Reigen] Why did I decide
to live my life as a psychic?
It's not like there's a lot
of money in it. And it's usually a pain.
-[pensive music playing]
-[Reigen] Thinking back on it,
there was once a time
I did everything efficiently
and was filled
with curiosity about everything.
But then I got bored, quit my job,
and rented that office on a whim.
I ended up getting
into this facade of a job
'cause of an ad I saw in a magazine.
That's right.
I actually meant to quit this
a long time ago.
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
3 YEARS AGO
[Reigen] Thanks so much! I appreciate it!
My body felt so heavy,
but now I'm fine! [laughs]
[Reigen] Man, I'm bored.
As it stands,
I'm just a glorified masseuse.
[groans] Time to throw in the towel.
[exhales]
What should I try next?
Being a PI sounds pretty fun.
But I've heard
they mostly do investigations
on cheating spouses.
[door creaks]
-[Mob] Excuse me.
-[blows]
[Mob] I saw your sign
and thought I'd stop by.
Sure. Come on in. So how may I--
Oh, it's just a kid.
All right, young man.
So what do you want?
[Mob] Well, um, I'm an Esper.
Huh?
[Mob] There are times
when I can't control my powers too well,
-and it gets kinda scary.
-Hmm.
[Reigen] You little brat.
I'm not in the mood for pranks.
Lemme guess.
Did somebody tell you
to come here and say that to me?
No. I haven't talked
about this with anyone.
I saw your sign and thought
you might have the same kind of abilities.
If I tried, I could see spirits too.
[Reigen] A pathological liar?
Or an overactive imagination, maybe?
Either way, it seems
like this is something
that's really bothering him.
Well, come on in.
Sure.
I was troubled back
when I was a little kid too.
Huh?
[Reigen] What's with him?
He's staring at me
and his eyes are brimming with hope.
He's serious.
This kid's in his own fantasy world.
I'll just say something
to get him to go home.
Uh… Listen.
Just because you have
these psychic powers and abilities,
it doesn't mean you're any less
of a human than anyone else.
There are people who are fast,
people who are book smart,
and people with strong body odor.
-Psychic powers are just like that.
-[gasps]
[Reigen] Another characteristic.
You must embrace that characteristic
as a part of yourself
and continue to live positively.
After all, the truth
behind one's charm is kindness.
So, just be a good person. You got it?
So may I come by and talk to you again?
Yeah, I'm not so sure about that.
I'm pretty busy, you know?
Anyway, you should go home for today--
[screams] Hot! Move! You'll get burned!
Hey. You said… You said
you could see ghosts too, didn't you?
Do you know how to exorcise them?
[chuckles nervously]
All right. Come again tomorrow.
Same time, okay?
Yeah? Really?
I'll show you exactly how to use
your powers.
[Reigen] Back then,
I couldn't help but admire
-this little kid that walked into my life.
-[music fades]
[Reigen] But I wanted something
for myself too.
I wanted to become someone special.
Yet this is the result.
I haven't changed at all since that day.
I just kept using him. Over and over.
In the end, I couldn't become anything.
-[sinister music playing]
-[Reigen] And by using Mob,
all I really did was hold him back
from enjoying being a kid.
Man, I said
some really terrible things to him.
He wanted to change and be more social.
And I just tried to cage him in.
[music fades]
-[car horn blaring in distance]
-[Reigen] Hey, Mob.
Are you watching?
#REIGENARATAKA
58,699 TWEETS
[camera shutter clicks]
You've grown up so much. You know?
[indistinct chatter]
-[man] That doesn't answer anything!
-[man 2] You're wasting our time!
-[man 3] What was all that silence about?
-[woman] Who was that message to?
-[man 4] We don't understand!
-[man 5] Answer us!
-[tense music playing]
-[loud rumbling]
-[woman] It's an earthquake!
-[indistinct clamor]
[reporter] We're experiencing
an extremely powerful earthquake!
[cellphone chimes]
-Where're they holding this thing, anyway?
-[man screams on TV]
[man 6] Our cameras!
I… Impossible. Is Reigen doing this?
-Telekinesis?
-Whoa! What power!
There's something you don't see every day.
Holy crap. This is getting serious.
-Brother! Hey, brother!
-[man 6] What's with you?
How can you stay so calm up there?
[man 7] Are you the one
behind all this?
-Please! You have to do something!
-Are your spiritual powers doing this?
Goodness.
Wonder what's goin' on around here.
-[woman] Stop this! I beg you!
-[man] What the hell is this?
[Reigen] You done asking me
if I'm a fraud?
[woman screams]
In that case, I think it's time
to end this press conference.
-Hey! Hold on!
-What's going to happen to us?
Dunno.
You should probably concentrate
on finding your next big story.
[all scream]
-[man] One of the lights fell!
-[music fades]
ONE MOMENT PLEASE
What the hell just happened?
Such bullcrap.
CORNERED
~TRUE IDENTITY~
[crows cawing]
["Gray" playing]
[Reigen] So, why'd you come here?
-[singing in Japanese]
-Just because.
[Dimple] Let's get the hell outta here.
They'll be runnin' around for a while.
-[singing in Japanese]
-[inhales]
[Reigen] Hey.
Did you know?
[Mob] Know what?
[Reigen] What I really am.
I mean, what they've been saying
in the news.
[Mob] I always have.
From the very beginning.
-[gasps]
-[singing in Japanese]
Mmm. I've known that my master
is genuinely…
[singing in Japanese]
…a good guy.
-[Reigen gasps]
-[singing in Japanese]
[Reigen] I am starving.
Let's get some ramen and head home.
[Mob] Sure.
Oh, by the way, Master.
I know I'm late, but happy birthday.
[song concludes]
[Reigen] Mob's finally telling Tsubomi
how he really feels about her?
And he's trying to place
in the top ten of a marathon?
Well, looks like he's gonna need my help.
Next time, on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode eight,
"Even Then ~Continue Forward~"
First-press limited edition?
Absolute best decision.